Fix typos and grammatical errors in TensorFlow proposal. (#134)
qutip/qutip-doc: development/ideas/tensorflow-data-backend.rst

    :depth: 3

QuTiP's data layer provides the mathematical operations needed to work with

> quantum states and operators, i.e. `Qobjs`, inside QuTiP. As part of Google

Reviewer: ```suggestion
quantum states and operators, i.e. `Qobj`s, inside QuTiP. As part of Google
```

* Add a `qutip.core.data.tensorflow` data type.
* Implement specialisations for some important operations (e.g. `add`,
  `mul`, `matmul`, `eigen`, etc).

> * Write a small benchmark to show how Qobj operations scale on the new

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Write a small benchmark to show how `Qobj` operations scale on the new
```
